-----Commands List-----
-----Misc-----
help: Shows this list
seelog: View the log
draw: Draw with Turtle!
opendraw: Open a .trt file
credits: View credits.
contact: Get my email and Discord
colour: Find a colour
bday: Input your birthday to get a surprise on startup when it matches
wb: Visit our website
lockdown: lockdown your screen until you enter a password
settings: Change your settings
rev: Reverse the contents of a file
stat: Get some statistics of this program.
usr: change your username
startsound: Set your startup sound
anim: Get a little animation of a wheel.
erc: List of error codes
cmdrun: See how many commands you have run
msg: View today's message! (Request messages by sending me an email)
cver: See the current version

-----USELESS COMMANDS-----
insult: Get insulted
prank: try it out :P

-----System Interaction-----
stop: Stops this window
stopall: stops all BasicUtilities windows
reload: reloads this program.
logoff: Logs you out.
restart: Restarts your computer
shutdown: Shutdown your computer
browser: Open the Basic Utilities Browser.
dir: Get the directory that this program is installed to

-----Games-----
game: Play Beat The Bank
snl: Play Snakes and Ladders [sc]
m8b: Magic 8 ball
cpg: Play the Cartesian Plane Game
game2: Play Discount Prodigy

-----Preset Counters-----
meter: See how long it has been since COVID infected its first human.(VE COUNTER)
lnmeter: How long since life was normal?
progcount: How long since this program existed

-----Clocks & Alarms-----
alarm: Open the alarm clock
time: Tells you the exact time
counter: make a counter
sw: Stop watch!
clock: Get an ongoing clock
timer: Pauseable Timer

-----Random Generators-----
rng: Random Number Generator
cf: Coin Flip
hex: Random Hexadecimal Generator (x16)
hexbi: Random hexadecabinary generator (x62)
picker: Make a custom random generator
cpicker: Random colour picker
npicker: Random Name Picker (NOT TO BE TAKEN SERIOUSLY)
tpicker: Random Town Picker (NOT TO BE TAKEN SERIOUSLY)
fpicker: Get a randomly generated food product name
rname: Random Ruby Name Generator
art: Get some random art

-----Utility-----
lag: Measures your computer's lag.
autoclick: Click at ridiculous speeds
randpass: Get a random password.
encode: encode stuff so no one can read it
translate: Translate files back to readable
ping: Ping an IP address
ip: Get your IPv4 address
permaping: Ping an IP address indefinitely
fstat: Read a file and get an statistics report on it in the form of *.*.fstat
cmd: Execute something on the Command Prompt
musplay: Play an audio file in the background
sysplat: Get your system platform, version, etc.
sysmem: Get some system memory statistics
folmem: Get memory statistics about a folder. [Warning for big folders]
filemem: Ge memory statistics about a file
bumem: Get a statistic about how much of YOUR memory WE are using!
tsklst: List all task running on the system
ip6: Get your Ipv6 address
update: check for updates
scanall: Get a list of all files in a directory
tar: Make tar.gz archive
untar: Uncompress a tar.gz archive
search: Search folders for files that contain things you input. Warning: Can take up lots of resources!
speed: How many equations can your computer do in 1 second?
webdownload: Download a web page to file
searchext: Search for files with a certain extension
allext: Get how many files with each extension are in a directory
allextval: allext, but values are sorted by value instead of alphabetized.
cputimes: Get some statistics about how much time your CPU has spent doing things.
cpuper: Get the cpu utilization percentage
cputimeg: Get a graph of the percentage of time that your CPU is doing something
cpucount: Get how many cpu cores you have
clockspeed: Get the cpu clock speed
vmem: Get how much RAM you have
pidlen: See how many PIDS you have running
progmem: See how much RAM Basic Utilities is using
procmem: See how much RAM any process is using.
diskspeed: Find out your disk speed
diran: Get directory statistics and write to file
te: Open the Text Editor that comes with this program.

-----Calculators & Converters-----
apv: area, perimeter, and volume calculator [sc]
tempt: Temperature converter
degp: degrees to percent
pdeg: percent to degrees
pi: Get up to 100 digits of pi
pa: Add percent
pr: Remove percent
pgpa: Percent to GPA
gpap: GPA to percent
avg: Get an average calculator
calc help: Help with the calculator
calc: Calculator
quiz: get a multiplication quiz up to 12x12
decbin: Convert decimal to binary
dechex: Convert decimal to hexadecimal
bindec: Convert binary to decimal
hexdec: Convert hexadecimal to decimal
binhex: Convert binary to hexadecimal
hexbin: Convert hexadecimal to binary
conv len: length converters [sc]
fibb: Generate the Fibbonacci sequence <-- Spelled wrong but who cares
prime: Generate all prime numbers up to a number
jpg2png: Convert a jpg to png
png2jpg: Convert a png to jpg
sqrpyr: Calculate volume of a rectangular pyramid.
tripyr: Calculate volume of a triangular pyramid
emc2: Calcuate th energy(joules) in a given object.
pyth: Use the pythagorean theorum
pyth3: Use the 3d pythagorean theorum

-----Uninstalling and cleaning-----
uninstall: Uninstall this program completely
clr: Reset Basic Utilities' AppData.
rem: custom app data reset (you choose)
cln: Clean up files from old versions that you dont need
-----Sound-----
beep: Get a beep
curse: Have this program curse at you (no actual cursing)
toneup: Make a rising Tone
rmg: Random Music Generator
cmaj: Play the ascending C major scale
alm: Get a nice beepy alarm

-----YouTube-----
ytdownload: Download a single video from YouTube
ytaudio: Download a video's audio only
ytplaylist: Download every video from a playlist
ytplaylista: Download all audio from every video on a playlist

There are also some easter egg commands :)

-----Debug-----
crash: Crash this program by raising a RuntimeError()
relapdat: Reload the appdata of this program (may cause severe issues!)
pyterm: Execute Python code
dumpvar: Dump all variables to a file
cver: See the current version
adprintout: Print out appdata

-----Clipboard-----
clrclp: Clear the clipboard
clipboard: Write something to the clipboard

-----Modes-----
clion: Start CLI only mode
clioff: Stop CLI only mode
